hey guys so as you can tell by the title
it's going to be a review on this
batiste dry shampoo and it's in tropical
I believe there's at least four cents
there's like blush regular tropical and
at least one other I will list the ones
down below but I got the one in tropical
and I actually bought this at my winners
which i think is similar to what is it
your is it TJ maxx or like I'm not under
present sure but it's like where you
find designer things for discounted and
things like that like a bunch of nice
designers for clothing and stuff but we
also have a bunch of Swan shampoos and
hair things and like face products and
all that good stuff so and it's not just
salon obviously it had like drugstore
and things like that but this I cannot
find in any of my other drug stores I
can't find in my Shoppers Drug Mart my
walmart anything like that keep in mind
i do live in canada so you guys I think
you can buy it at your alta and target
i'm not sure but in the States I know it
is more readily available than it is in
Canada so I bought this for 699 Canadian
and it's comparable for nine dollars um
how much is it 5.05 fluid ounce or 90
grams and obviously it's like sauna
bolts and aerosol can what you do is you
shake it up a lot um as you can tell
maybe my hair is kind of greasy I washed
it yesterday because as a lot of you
hopefully know you're not supposed to
wash it every single day because that
can strip the natural oils from your
hair which is definitely not a good
thing because and your hair will look
dry and brittle and not good because the
natural oils are definitely good for
your hair and it naturally cleanses your
hair everything like that so you're not
supposed to wash your hair every day
actually they say like two or three days
or the longer you wait the better
because then your hair will naturally
get used to the oils and they'll just
like replenish itself things like that
so I wash my hair at least I try for
every third day but generally it's just
every second day so yeah it's like the
Enders
good they're not going to help but of
course it's just the roots as per usual
so instead of washing my hair and just
cleaning out the roots and like drying
out my ends I get dry shampoo and i also
have a salon dry shampoo which i can do
a review of later where is it my god
it's to Flora it is the chlorine dry
shampoo and it's a powder one it's not
an aerosol spray can like this but I can
do a review of this one later and dark
here uh yeah add to comparison if you
guys want but right now it's just going
to be petite dry shampoo because I got a
lot more requests for this one probably
cuz it's a lot cheaper so as you can see
nothing in my hair I will demonstrate
how to use this and my thoughts on it
and everything like that so you're
supposed to shake it up really well it
says it'll make your hair more full and
take out the greasiness everything like
that you don't spray it in your ends
just at the roots of where it's greasy
so sure you get shake it shake it up um
just to know the aerosol spray can like
that so I generally just spray it all
over as you can see it comes out of
white residue which almost like actually
a lot of dry shampoos come out as sucks
for girls with dark hair like mean but
the thing is I find that this you can
massage in really well um the directions
say to look how good I look but I'm the
directions say to massage in well with
your fingertips let it sit for a couple
minutes then brush through it so we will
do as instructed and this is yeah
actually I always do and as you can see
before I even touched it a lot of it has
already dissolved into my nice greasy
hair so just massaging it in and
actually yeah it actually dissolved like
I have a mirror right here because like
it's washing out on the camera but it
dissolved really really well so I don't
know if that's good because I'm pretty
greasy but good go spray a little more
I get really greasy just like switch up
your different layers and I ready I can
feel like it's way less greasy it just
absorbs all the oils and everything what
doesn't dry out your hair completely
it's definitely a good alternative if
you are running late or if like you're a
student and you don't really care about
how you look for school but you want to
look like kind of not like a huge
greaseball but this will definitely help
take my brush and just run it through as
you can hopefully see it looks a lot
better like it's not all like sticking
and clumping together like a nice
greaseball but um yeah it's a lot more
lightweight you can pump it up add some
volume and there you go look good as new
as you can tell that you don't see like
any white residue with my other white
powder sometimes you see like a huge
white trail line on your part but this
is actually really good so there is a
demo of it um now about the smell it I
got in tropical as I said smells kind of
like coconut like the tropical obviously
coconut smell I do like the smell but
it's really really fragrant see like
it's a really strong fragrance that I
feel like they could have toned down a
little bit cuz sometimes when I'm out I
can actually like randomly just smell my
hair and I'm like oh that's too strong
like if I can smell and I should be used
to it then like other people can
probably really smell it as well which
definitely sucks so next time i'm going
to try one of the other fragrances if
you guys have tried any of these whether
they are the blush or regular anything
like that let me know what you think if
you like the product itself then
definitely let me know if you don't like
the product tell me why and all that
good stuff but yeah so that was a review
on the batiste dry shampoo if you guys
want me to do a comparison of the like
actual powdery residue which comes out
like kind of like a baby powder and a
comparison with the aerosol can stuff
like the you know drugstore version then
definite let me know in the comments
below I definitely recommend the product
though it is a really good product
especially only for six dollars this has
saved my life well not actually my life
obviously but it definitely is really
helpful for those nights when or those
mornings when you wake up and you
realize you slept past your alarm and
you got to go to class in like 10
minutes so it's really really helpful
and I hope you guys enjoy this review I
will see you guys in my next video
you